what's going on guys it's arsal and
today I got two things I want to talk
about normally when I do a first
impressions I leave it to one video I
talked a lot about the game but there's
really nothing new to talk about going
on with Wolfenstein the old blood and
that's perfectly fine but I'm still
going to give you guys my first
impressions and let you know what I
think about it so Wolfenstein the old
blood is a prequel to Wolfenstein the
new order you played bj Blatz quits
again it still got all the same amazing
gunplay ah there's a lot more sneaking
in this one at least so far I've only
hit the second chapter I'm in the second
chapter right now obviously that's why
it's a first impressions and not a
review but like I said there's a lot of
sneaking now and and some new enemies
these big guys that are strapped to
these wires by this cord and if you shut
down the electricity you have to hurry
run to them and pop off the cord and
then they're dead and I'm hoping that
there's more new enemies because that
was a pleasant surprise right off the
bat it felt like an immediate you know
change of pace from Wolfenstein the new
order they've also added the ability to
climb walls with this lead pipe that you
can use it as a one piece pipe or you
can split it in half and use it to climb
walls there's also some new weapons
which is awesome the one so far that
I've seen just blows everybody to pieces
and it's pretty sweet now as far as the
story goes all I really know is that
you're infiltrating Castle Wolfenstein
i'm sure i will learn more as i get
further into the game but right now
that's it that's all I know I do quickly
want to touch on graphics because
sometimes some of my subscribers who
have PCs and consoles ask me should I
get this game on PC or should I get it
on console here's one of the rare times
where I'm going to tell you I don't
think it really matters it doesn't seem
like it was optimized well for PC it
doesn't seem like they took the time to
really make this game shine on PC like
they could have when I fired it up and
maxed everything out and that includes
going to ultra and then are still
turning some things up I was getting
framerate drops in this game isn't even
that graph
impressive out on ultra and I was still
getting framerate drops so obviously has
nothing to do with my hardware and a lot
more to do with the fact that they
didn't really optimize the game well I'm
one of the people who need solid 60
frames per second not dropping down into
the 50s or anything like that absolutely
rock-solid 60 frames per second at the
very least so it was really
disappointing to see that even with the
graphics turned up obviously there's
texture differences and god raised and
things like that that you don't get on
consoles but honestly there wasn't much
of a difference there wasn't as big of a
leap as there should be from console to
pc now obviously I haven't played old
blood on console but I have played the
new order on console and they look
pretty damn similar on my you know uh
expensive ass pc so if you're debating
console or PC I don't think it really
matters and I think actually if you have
a week or GPU I would say get it on the
console but otherwise this is more the
same guys great gunplay amazing gunplay
I think that's why pretty much everybody
loved Wolfenstein the new order its gory
there's no BS in it it's just that
single player solid ass campaign that is
a lot of fun personally I would
recommend this game to anybody who likes
video games I've heard people say that
they didn't like the new order but I
think they're in the minority I gave the
new order a 9 out of 10 it was probably
one of my favorite games last year and
that's just because it's such a solid
first person shooter the mechanics are
great other story is the story wasn't
absolutely mind-blowing but it was a
badass story so uh and you're getting
more of the same with Wolfenstein the
old blood so now we'll move on to the
second thing that I quickly want to
mention and that's that killing floor 2
is more than likely coming to Xbox one
gaming volcom didn't interview with vice
president of tripwire interactive and in
his words he said an xbox one version is
highly probable now he did say that the
PlayStation gets it first it has
exclusivity so obviously it will be a
timed exclusive and at some point I
almost guarantee
to the xbox one but I wouldn't get too
excited because I don't think these
games like h1z1 these pc games that are
still in early access on pc the guy who
made h1z1 said it's not coming to
playstation 4 until it's absolutely done
on pc now i don't know how honest that
is maybe he's just trying to please a pc
gamers so they buy his game but he
sounds like he's serious so i don't see
that game coming to playstation 4
anytime soon probably a year a year and
a half something like that it's going to
be quite a while before h1z1 hits the
playstation 4 and I feel like it's going
to be the same thing with killing floor
2 both games are in early access killing
floor 2 just came out I don't think
we'll see that for probably eight months
to a year and a half something like that
these games aren't finished on PC even
so it should be interesting to see if
this does eventually come to xbox one
guys so that's really it let me know
what you think about it in the comments
links will be in the description and
thanks for watching